Route between ls and OTel destinations (#3721)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/log-traces-to-project.mdx

```

</CodeGroup>

### Route between LangSmith and OpenTelemetry destinations

> You can decide at runtime whether a given invocation sends traces to LangSmith, to an OpenTelemetry (OTel) backend, or to both, without redeploying or modifying application logic. This is useful when you want to toggle between observability backends per environment, or simultaneously forward traces from LangSmith to an existing OTel collector.

Reviewer: > This is useful when you want to toggle between observability backends per environment
... `or even per request, making the decision at runtime`

(removing the `...simultaneously forward traces To LangSmith to an existing OTel collector.`)

Author: TFTR!

> You can decide at runtime whether a given invocation sends traces to LangSmith, to an OpenTelemetry (OTel) backend, or to both, without redeploying or modifying application logic. This is useful when you want to toggle between observability backends per environment, or simultaneously forward traces from LangSmith to an existing OTel collector.

Author: ```suggestion
You can decide at runtime whether a given invocation sends traces to LangSmith, to an OpenTelemetry (OTel) backend, or to both, without redeploying or modifying application logic. This is useful when you want to toggle between observability backends per environment, or even per request, making the decision at runtime.
```
